# Project Overview\n\nThis repository contains a simple data processing pipeline, a basic responsive web application, and a GitHub Actions workflow to automate data transformation, code linting, and deployment of processing results to GitHub Pages.\n\n## Files in this Repository\n\n- `index.html`: A single-file responsive HTML application built using Tailwind CSS.\n- `execute.py`: A Python script to process `data.csv` and output aggregated results as JSON.\n- `data.xlsx`: The original Excel data file. This is converted to `data.csv` as part of the CI process.\n- `data.csv`: The CSV version of `data.xlsx`. This file is committed to the repository and used by `execute.py`.\n- `.github/workflows/ci.yml`: GitHub Actions workflow for CI/CD.\n- `README.md`: This file.\n- `LICENSE`: The MIT License.\n\n## `execute.py` - Script Description and Fixed Error\n\n`execute.py` is a Python script that reads data from `data.csv`, groups it by the 'Category' column, sums the 'Sales' for each category, and outputs the result as a JSON array of objects.\n\n**Original Non-Trivial Error & Fix:**\n\nThe original script was designed to read `data.xlsx` directly using `pd.read_excel()` and might have contained a typo, e.g., trying to group by `'Product Category'` instead of the actual column name `'Category'`.\n\n**The fix addresses two key issues:**\n1.  **File Format:** Changed `pd.read_excel('data.xlsx')` to `pd.read_csv('data.csv')`. The `data.xlsx` file is now converted to `data.csv` as a pre-processing step in the CI pipeline to ensure consistency and efficient processing.\n2.  **Column Name & Robustness:** Ensured the script correctly references the `'Category'` column for grouping. Additionally, it now explicitly converts the 'Sales' column to a numeric type, coercing errors to `NaN` and dropping those rows, making the script more robust to potential non-numeric entries in the sales data.\n\nThe script is designed to run on Python 3.11+ and uses Pandas 2.3.\n\n## Setup and Local Execution\n\nTo run `execute.py` locally:\n\n1.  **Prerequisites:** Ensure you have Python 3.11+ and pip installed.\n2.  **Install Dependencies:**\n    ```bash\n    pip install pandas ruff\n    ```\n3.  **Convert `data.xlsx` to `data.csv`:**\n    ```bash\n    python -c "import pandas as pd; pd.read_excel('data.xlsx').to_csv('data.csv', index=False)"\n    ```\n    (This step is automated in CI, but required for local execution if `data.csv` isn't present).\n4.  **Run the script:**\n    ```bash\n    python execute.py\n    ```\n    This will print the JSON output to your console. To save it to a file:\n    ```bash\n    python execute.py > result.json\n    ```\n\n## GitHub Actions CI/CD Pipeline\n\nThe `.github/workflows/ci.yml` workflow is triggered on every `push` to the repository. It performs the following steps:\n\n1.  **Setup Environment:** Sets up Python 3.11.\n2.  **Install Dependencies:** Installs `pandas` and `ruff`.\n3.  **Convert `data.xlsx` to `data.csv`:** Uses a Python one-liner to read `data.xlsx` and save it as `data.csv`. This ensures `execute.py` always works with the correct data format.\n4.  **Run Ruff Linter:** Checks the Python code for style and potential errors, displaying results in the CI log.\n5.  **Execute `execute.py`:** Runs `execute.py` and redirects its output to `result.json`. This file is **not** committed to the repository; it's generated on-the-fly during CI.\n6.  **Publish to GitHub Pages:** The generated `result.json` is then published to GitHub Pages, making the analysis results publicly accessible via a URL associated with your repository.\n\n## GitHub Pages Deployment\n\nAfter a successful run of the CI/CD pipeline, `result.json` will be available under your repository's GitHub Pages URL. The exact URL will be displayed in the GitHub Actions workflow logs.\n